
The header files in this directory are used for the testbenches in `tb`. Those 
tests may rely on the environment being set up using the files in here. This 
entails the register file being set up with these test headers, and the xilinx 
IPs being generated as per the `xips_user.tcl` script.

# HEADERS

The `.svh` files are example header files for configuring the axi-lite driven 
`axi_lite_reg_file_*` register file modules. These headers are not meant to be 
included in a project (in this location). This is taken care of in 
m_code_manager-generated projects, because by means of its name this directory 
is not recognized as an include directory (it is not named "include"), and none 
of the files in here has an ending that is recognized as an rtl source file.
The header files can be used as starting points for own designs, since they are 
perfectly valid and (currently) complete axi register file parameterizations, 
with the correct required file names. For that purpose, the recommended way is 
copying the headers into the project's "include" directory, and editing them 
there.  Please don't use symlinks, the files in this directory are meant to not 
be touched.

# XILINX IPS

A block RAM IP is described, which acts as an AXI protocol checker for the 
`axi4_master`. The testbench hooks it up to the BRAM's AXI interface, and tests 
are done by a series of write and read backs. You need to integrate the IP 
described there in the projects `xips` directory, add them to the vivado project 
using the respective make targets, and from there the output products are 
generated, exported and integrated into compilation for mcm-supported 
simulators.
